FRW-1450 Added notes about stores.php configuration (#1686)
spryker/spryker-docs: _includes/pbc/all/install-features/202212.0/install-the-dynamic-multiple-stores.md

 
### Change configuration 

{% info_block warningBox "Configuration stores.php" %}

> Before dynamic store was introduced, the configuration for the store was stored in the file `config/Shared/stores.php`. Since the dynamic store is enabled, the configuration for the store is stored in the database, and the file `config/Shared/stores.php` deprecated. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before dynamic store was introduced, configuration for the store was stored in the file `config/Shared/stores.php`. Since the dynamic store is now enabled, configuration for the store is stored in the database, making the file `config/Shared/stores.php` deprecated. 
```

The default store configuration will now be imported using new data import modules such as StoreDataImport, LocaleDataImport, CountryDataImport, and CurrencyDataImport. These modules will populate the store configuration in the database.

> New major modules have been introduced, including Locale, Country, and Currency, which are now responsible for configuring the store in the database.

Reviewer 2: I would say that those modules extending store data or smth like this

 
### Change configuration 

{% info_block warningBox "Configuration stores.php" %}

> Before dynamic store was introduced, the configuration for the store was stored in the file `config/Shared/stores.php`. Since the dynamic store is enabled, the configuration for the store is stored in the database, and the file `config/Shared/stores.php` depricated. 

Reviewer 2: typo in `deprecated`

> It replaced by the following modules: StoreDataImport, LocaleDataImport, CountryDataImport, CurrencyDataImport modules.

Reviewer 2: Not really replaced. Please rephrase it in smth like Default stores data will be imported via new dat import modules that will put those data in the data base. or smth like that
